# Project 1 - College Recruitment Improvement Study
This study consists of surveys that ask questions to students in entry-level computing and computing literacy courses, for non-computer-majors, in order to gain knowledge and data about which courses they are taking, their majors, their motivations for being in the class and for studying at the college, and other related questions. The purpose of this study is to increase recruitment of students into computing majors particularly from underrepresented groups. The data collected from these surveys would help the college better understand how to recruit more students.

****UPDATE 02/28/2024 (Part 3 of Project 1 Data Analysis and Visualization)**
The survey that was done on non-computer-major students at CCM in Fall of 2023, had its results compiled into an excel file. A few questions were selected to ask the dataset that might help with the purpose of the study, to help improve recruitment of students into computing majors at CCM, particularly from underrepresented groups. These questions are listed below. The excel/csv file was then imported as a pandas dataframe into python, and was cleaned to include only the data that was necessary to answer those questions, and to resolve any data issues that could make data analysis more difficult. When the dataset was cleaned, it was saved as a new csv file. This file was then imported into python as a pandas dataframe, and data analysis was performed on it, using functions like groupby and count() to find the answers to each question. Pyplot from the matplotlib package was then used in order to perform visualization of data for several of the answered questions, in the form of bar charts, in order to better see the data results. The file where this data analysis and visualization was performed was also downloaded and is included in this repository. 

**Questions to Ask the Dataset**:
1. What were the main motivations students took a computing class at CCM?
2. What are the top sources of how students heard about CCM? Show a bar chart of this field.
3. Which computing class are most non-major students interested in (if applicable), ranking from the class with the most counts of interest to the least?
4. How many students from each major (the count) are enrolled in a computer literacy course? Show a bar graph representing the count for each major.
